My clothes?
Get up!
Apologize to Mrs. Chen
I'm sorry, Mr. Lu
That's all for today.
Cooperation
Forget it.
Grow so fat
Like a pig
Standing here with a face
Ugly and stupid
Mr. Ugly must regret marrying you
Tsinghua University
How many times have I told you not to embarrass me?
Don't you understand?
No, I didn't mean to.
Yes, ask someone to forgive him
Nine sisters, do you know
How important this project is to me today
Why can't you handle this little thing?
Really stupid as a pig
No. I just accidentally stepped on my skirt.
Nine sisters, look at you like this
Fat like this, even I can do it myself
Xiaobai, go look in the mirror
I see you are not only fat like a pig
Act like a pig